# April 18, 2022

## Getting involved in Minecraft mods

Yesterday, I was playing Minecraft for fun. I was checking some stuff in [Minecraft.net](https://minecraft.net), when I
noticed a "creators page". And I found the developer docs.

I am a dedicated developer, but also an intermediate Minecraft player. What can be better than being a developer or a gamer?
Being a gaming developer! So I will start to learn about Minecraft mods programming. Stay alert for future updates!

## Getting started with Visual Studio Code

_(This might be a part of the notice I wrote above, though)._

As I'm getting started with Minecraft creations, I was checking out the relevant docs. And they sent me to get VSCode to
continue. I'm (personally) in love with Atom, but seems like it's time to add a new editor to my machine. I still want to
keep Atom close, however.

## PyCon 2022: A good new... and a bad new

Maybe the biggest event for a Python developer is the [PyCon US](https://us.pycon.org/). When I learned that the 2022 edition
of this event was coming soon, I was super excited. However, I have a good new and a bad new.

The good new: A Packaging summit will come! As a PyPA member, I'm really interested by this.

The bad new (which makes the good new a bad one too): It will be fully in-person. And I cannot visit Salt Lake City to attend.

I'm sad to see that I won't be present in this year's PyCon. However, I wish all the luck to my Packaging folks that will attend.
Also, I hope this event will be recorded somewhere, so I have faith that (at least), I will see what's going on :)
